One, two , three, go.
♪ My baby don't mess around ♪
♪ because she loves me so,
and this I know for sure ♪
♪ but does she really wanna ♪
♪ but can't stand to see me
walk out the door? ♪
I'm not playing games here.
Don't threaten me.
I'm not afraid
of you people.
I know what this is
really worth.
How much longer
is this gonna take?
I'm trying to conduct
business here.
I just got to get a part
out of the van, Mr. Brooks.
We'll be all set.
♪ 'Cause we don't know how ♪
You take care of it?
Not yet.
Listen, are you sure
about this target?
You're the only guy
in the business
who asks these kinds
of questions.
Brooks got himself
into this mess.
That's all you need to know.
Don't call me again
till it's done.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
So don't threaten me.
♪ Shake it, shake it ♪
♪ sh--sh--sh--shake it
like a polaroid picture ♪
Yoga crap again, huh?
I told you,
it's tai chi.
There's a guy
on the phone,
says he's an old friend
of yours--Donnelly.
Yeah?
So when was the last time
you been in there?
About seven years ago.
Things haven't changed much.
Same charming
clientele, huh?
That's pretty safe
to say.
Ain't nothing safe
about that place.
Are you worried about me?
I'm just saying,
that place, those people--
that's part of your past.
Don't you think it's better
you kept it there?
It's just a conversation.
So who's
this Donnelly guy?
- Just a guy.
- Yeah, but a bad guy, right?
See, 'cause that's
a bad-guy bar,
so he must be a bad guy.
Are you coming?
It's your last chance.
Hell, no.
I hate bad guys.
♪ ♪
♪ whatever you want ♪
♪ whatever you need ♪
♪ if you want me... ♪
Ha ha.
You don't write.
You don't call.
Way to make an old buddy
feel forgotten.
I haven't forgotten
anything.
So what's so important that
I got to be here right away?
This just came down.
It's got a lot
of heat on it.
You know I don't do
that kind of work anymore.
It's not that side
of the job, Chance.
They already hired somebody
to do the hit,
and he's the best
in the business--
you, seven years ago.
♪ ♪
Why are you
giving me this?
I knew you'd be
interested, that's all.
Might want to fix it.
If you can't save her,
nobody can.
Tell me everything you know
about this job.
You know I can't give you
anything else.
I'd be a dead man,
if I'm not already.
The only thing
I can say is
it goes down soon--
real soon.
You torch the place,
I hope?
We're taking the case,
starting right now.
- Okay, what are the details?
- I don't know.
- Then why is she being targeted?
Okay, so you want to tell me
why we're taking this case?
Seven years ago...
I killed her husband.
♪  Human Target 2x02 ♪
The Wife's Tale
Original Air Date on November 24, 2010
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
== for www.addic7ed.com ==
♪ ♪
When I scan in this photo,
we should be able to get
a full I.D.
Aw, c--
any idea how one
would scan a photo
into this fancy,
expensive computer
that Ilsa bought us?
Look at this thing.
I wonder if there's a manual
for the manual.
All right,
two hits called in,
one on each spouse,
seven years apart.
They got to be connected.
We just got to figure out how.
Yeah, well,
it would be helpful to know
who hired you
back then.
I got my assignments
from Donnelly or the old man.
I never knew
who ordered the hits.
I just made sure that the target
was in the game.
I didn't have any details
on their personal lives.
I didn't even know
this guy was married.
Rebecca Brooks,
age 35.
Renowned Economics
Professor
at Northern Cal university.
Husband, Daniel--
also Northern Cal.
Economics Professor.
Economics?
Not exactly a life-threatening
career choice.
She's got a few of these
social-networking
accounts,
a couple dating services.
Ugh, not for me.
I get my dates
the old-fashioned way.
Pay for it?
Church.
Who's the dude?
You're drunk.
You're not wearing
your glasses.
They fell
into a meat grinder.
New pair won't be ready
until tomorrow.
So I got your message.
Where'd the new case come from?
Donnelly brought it in.
Donnelly?
What's his angle?
Well, he claims he's trying
to save the woman,
but he won't give up
who called in the hit.
I think you might have to lean
on him a little bit.
All right.
Hey, profile says
she's got a date today
at the Berkeley diner,
12:00 noon.
If we could find this
this easily, so can an assassin.
All right, I'm gonna go
to the diner, get there early,
pretend to be her date,
get her out of there,
and try to explain
what's going on.
I will quarterback
from the van.
Chance, I know
this is important to you,
but I don't trust
Donnelly,
so don't do
anything crazy.
Who, me?
What about me?
Obviously I can't drive
the Eldo in this condition.
Who's gonna take me
to Donnelly?
I dig your car,
by the way.
Cadillacs are
so rock and roll.
I'll forget more
about Cadillacs
when I go to sleep tonight
than you'll ever know
in your entire life.
Relax.
So where am I taking you--
the dentist,
pottery class, what?
I'm going to see
a broker.
What, like a stockbroker?
Like an assassination broker.
A go-between for hit men
and people
who want something dead.
He's in Drake's Bar--
820 Geary Street.
Yeah?
Yes, it is.
You are not going in--
not ready.
Are you serious?
I'm not ready?
I have been hustling
on the streets--
Look, I don't want to hear
your bad-girl resume, okay?
You're not going in
'cause you're J.V.
The guys in there are varsity.
Eyes on the road.
Mrs. Pucci.
Mr. Winston,
I'm glad I caught you.
I was reviewing
the company books,
and there's a few things
I'd like to discuss with you.
Walk with me
to my office.
Um, I thought
you were gonna be in Hong Kong
for a week.
Yes, I was.
It went better than expected,
so here I am.
Let's take advantage.
Now, firstly,
how's the new equipment?
Good.
Complex, but...
Yes, I wasn't sure
about weapons.
I figured I'd let you
order them,
and then
I'll reimburse you.
I've got a catalog
from a friend in Israel.
You don't see any need
for a tank, do you?
Not immediately.
Listen, could we talk
about this later?
I'm just heading out.
Oh, on a job?
Um, yeah, I-I'll be back soon.
I won't be gone long.
Oh, well, fabulous.
Well, I'll come with you.
What better way to learn
about how you operate
than on-the-job training?
Um, Mrs. Pucci,
I'd be more than happy
to walk you through
our organization
some other time.
But right now
we're on assignment.
Lives are at stake.
Yes, I understand
perfectly well
what the stakes are
when we are on a job.
Now, tell me,
where are you going?
To run surveillance
for Chance.
Listen, what happened to
all that absentee-owner jazz?
The new surveillance van
comfortably seats seven.
You won't even know
I'm there.
Mrs. Pucci, these jobs
we go on
can get more
than a little messy.
You've been through
a lot lately.
Are you sure you can handle
something like this right now?
Luckily, I'm an employer
that appreciates
her staff's
unfiltered opinions.
So thanks for that.
And in answer
to your question,
yes, I'm quite sure
I can handle this.
Come along.
I'm on scene.
I got eyes on Rebecca.
She's still solo.
You got that information yet?
Here's the profile
he sent her.
The date's name
is Kevin Heller.
He's a doctor at Marin General--
six feet tall, dark hair.
Chance looks nothing
like that man.
How's he gonna pull
this off?
Is that Ilsa?
Yes, the boss is
back in town,
wanted to join us
and see how we work.
Let's keep that in mind,
shall we?
Rebecca Brooks.
Why is someone trying
to kill her?
Don't know yet.
She's wearing a wedding ring
in this photo.
But she's on a blind date.
Is she divorced?
As a matter of fact,
uh, her husband was murdered
several years ago.
Oh, I see.
Stay focused, Chance.
We got to get her
out of there, remember?
Rebecca?
Hi, I'm Kevin.
You are?
Yeah.
That online photo--
it's from a while ago.
It's when I used to
dye my hair.
I hope you're not
disappointed.
No, no, not at all.
Good. This is
kind of new to me--
this Internet dating.
Oh, God, I know.
This is my first time,
actually.
Really? Me too.
All right, come on, come on,
come on, come on.
Kind of a crazy thing--
I have this doctor friend,
he said he got
food poisoning here.
Obviously I probably
shouldn't have recommended
the place, so...
I recommended it.
Oh, yes...
But I agreed
with you, so...
I was wondering
if you're into going
to some other place--
maybe Theodore's
up in North Berkeley?
Uh...
Rebecca?
I'm Kevin.
If you're Kevin,
who are you?
Look, I'm sorry.
I saw your profile.
I really wanted to meet you.
So...
Uh, what's going on?
I-I-I...
It's all too weird for me.
I think I'm just gonna go.
Nice to almost meet you.
Winston, we got our guy.
He's the assassin?
Where's he headed?
Wait, Rebecca.
Don't take one more step
towards me,
or I will call the cops.
You're in danger.
Listen to me.
Stay away from me.
Get in!
Get in now!
What is happening?
- Who are you?
- I'm saving your life.
Aah!
Internet dating--
it's crazy, huh?
Give us a second,
Mrs. Brooks.
So is there any I.D.
on the assassin?
No, there was
no trace of him
by the time we reached
the parking garage.
Why is she
in there alone?
I was just in there.
Mrs. Brooks,
my name's Ilsa Pucci.
I just wanted to see
how you were doing.
How am--how am I doing?
I'm freaking out.
What--
what is this place?
I don't know
what is going on,
and somebody just tried to kill me.
I know.
And you must feel
very frightened right now.
You have no idea
how I feel!
Very recently,
Mr. Chance and his team
helped protect me
after my husband died.
I saw them work.
It's why I'm financing
this company.
These men...
They saved my life.
His name's
Christopher Chance.
And you can trust him.
I still don't understand
exactly what's going on here,
but I-I suppose
I owe you a thank-you.
Well, you can thank us
when you're
out of danger for good.
Mrs. Brooks, we believe that
the attempt on your life today
is directly connected
with your husband's murder.
I don't understand.
My--my husband was killed
in a robbery.
I'm afraid that's not
what we think.
Can you think
of any reason
why someone would have targeted
your husband?
"Targeted"?
No, of course not.
M-my husband was
an Economics Professor.
What was he working on
when he was killed.
Oh...
Um...
W-we share the same
pretty obscure specialty--
predictive economics.
And, um, his last project
was a fairly minor theory.
He loved baseball,
and he was working on a formula
to predict price changes
for ballpark tickets.
I mean, it was certainly
nothing to kill for.
He didn't even
finish it.
You still have
a copy of it?
No.
But I-I just applied
for a Grant to complete it,
to finish it
in his memory.
That's what set this
in motion.
Somebody found out you're
going to finish this paper.
Where are your husband's
papers now, Mrs. Brooks?
All Daniel's work is kept
at the university archives.
I was gonna take it
out this week.
Well, we've got
to get them out now.
There's something in that theory
worth killing for.
Donnelly, dude,
how are you?
Still drinking in the middle
of the afternoon, I see.
You know what?
Good for you.
Liver's pickled
anyway, right?
I told Chance
everything I know.
Yeah, I heard that.
Real bro move of you too.
Thanks for that.
No problem.
Sure you
didn't forget anything?
Positive.
Okay.
Good enough for me.
So I hear you're interested
in switching teams, then, huh?
Coming over to work
for Chance?
Guerrero, don't do this.
If I say anything else,
I'm dead, and you know it.
The way I see it, dude,
it's either you
or Rebecca Brooks.
She's cuter.
Tell me who ordered
the hit now,
or I'll tell everybody
in this bar
you're playing
both sides.
Then I go over
to your daughter's apartment.
She's still
over on Ellis, right?
How long did you expect me
to sit out there?
Who the hell are you?
I told you to wait
in the car.
I'm not your dog.
I'm your girlfriend.
Now, uh, go get me
a cocktail,
introduce me to your friend,
and, uh, start acting
like you're the luckiest guy
in this bar.
Leave...
Now.
I guess my mother was right
about you.
I was just about
to get the info.
I figured whoever
he's been talking to
has got to be
in his recent calls, right?
We could just do
a reverse search on the list,
I.D. the contact.
Let's be clear
about something.
I was just
about to get him
to tell me the name
of his contact,
which, by definition,
would have been faster.
Maybe, but, uh, I just got
the guy's number.
I'm just saying that--
Drive.
We're at the university,
Winston, heading in now.
All right.
Working on the feed.
Stand by.
How are you able
to have access
to the university
security feeds?
You hack in.
Well, I assume
that's illegal.
That an issue?
Halls are clear
to the archives.
Restricted access?
Because of the archives.
Damn it.
What?
It's just--just the clerk
on duty--Harrison.
He's very nice, but he tends
to be incredibly chatty.
He's been asking me out
since Daniel died.
We don't have much time
for small talk.
Maybe I should just go in
and talk to him.
No, no, no.
It'll--it'll--it'll be fine.
Hi.
Professor Brooks...
Hi. Hello.
Um, I haven't seen you
in a while.
Harrison, I-I was wondering
if you could get me
the bin number
for Daniel's papers.
Yeah. Can do.
Uh...
It seems Professor Brooks
had his papers shipped out
July 9, 2003.
That's right
before he died.
Where'd he ship
them to?
Ooh, uh, I'm--
I'm sorry.
I can't give that information
out without written approval.
Harrison, listen to me--
Rebecca...
Let me just have a word
with Harrison.
So, Harrison,
I'm not really a friend
of Mrs. Brooks.
I'm actually
an insurance adjuster.
I'm here to settle some
of her husband's affairs.
Now, she told me
you guys were close.
So I was thinking maybe
you could help her out,
just give us
that address.
Um...
She said we were close?
Don't tell anyone.
8564 Belvedere Road,
Tiburon.
That's a family home
outside the city,
where we used to spend weekends
before Daniel died.
That's where
he was killed.
We got a name
off Donnelly--some lawyer.
We're heading his way now.
Lawyer--
what firm?
Bergman-Fox.
Not a firm,
it's an investment bank--
small and very private.
It's got to be the same people
that hired Chance
to kill Rebecca's husband.
Chance killed her husband?
That's why we're involved
in this case?
And she has no idea?
Winston, I told her
she could trust him.
She can.
Protecting her life
is the only thing
that matters to him
right now.
Winston.
Chance, he's headed
right for you.
He's right around
the corner.
Get down.
Harrison, get down!
Where is he?
He's right on your tail.
You got to get him off you.
He's way too close.
Where am I?
What's around me?
What can I use?
End of the hall, your left,
there's a chem lab.
Okay.
You guys should probably
get out of here. Now!
Grab this extinguisher,
right there.
Come on.
Chem lab's
straight ahead.
He came down this way.
Okay, okay, keep moving.
Keep moving.
Last door on your right
is an exit.
Hold it. Stop!
Stop.
Come on, we got to try
and sneak past them.
- You okay?
- Not really.
Hey, listen,
you were amazing up there.
All we got to do is
get through this door,
and we're in the car,
okay?
Seeing that man...
Knowing he could be the one
who killed my husband...
Maybe you're right.
Maybe I can't handle this.
You have to believe me.
I don't know anything
about any hit man
or this "books" woman
you keep mentioning.
- Brooks.
- What?
Her name is Brooks,
Rebecca Brooks.
Did I tell him "books"?
I don't think so.
Is that a common
stall tactic--
pretending like they were
told a different name?
It happens occasionally.
Go get my tackle box
out of the car.
It's in the exceptionally
roomy trunk.
Tackle box?
Yeah.
This is--
this is crazy!
I don't know anything!
I am a lawyer
at an investment bank,
for God sakes!
A lawyer
and an investment banker?
Wow.
I'm really gonna
enjoy this.
Have any allergies
I should know about?
Okay, okay.
Look, uh...
All I know is that
this, uh--this woman...
Mrs. Brooks?
Yeah, yeah.
Her husband
was blackmailing the firm.
What did he have
on them?
What's it got to do
with his wife?
I don't know.
All I was told is that
she'd be dealt with. Okay.
Are you stupid or something?
Seriously, are you one
of those guys from Harvard
who can't tie
his own shoes?
Do you have any idea
who this man is?
What Jay-Z is to rap,
what Louis Vuitton is
to luggage,
he is to torturing the truth
out of people.
You done?
You might want to save
the speeches for Malcolm X.
Okay.
We'll find out
what he knows
if you go get my stuff
out of the car.
Damn it!
A simple thank-you
would suffice!
What do you mean
somebody shot him? Who?
Don't know, dude.
The only thing we got
is that the woman's husband
was blackmailing the bank
where the lawyer worked.
Whoever popped the lawyer
sure did have some good timing.
Yeah, a little too good,
if you ask me.
All right, call me
if you get anything else.
What's happened?
The lawyer's dead.
I don't understand.
What does that mean?
Where are you going?
To find him.
Chance is in trouble.
I got to figure out
what's going on.
Yes, but it's his trouble,
isn't it?
Let's be honest here,
Mr. Winston.
Isn't that why he's involved
in the first place--
because of what he did
to her, to her husband,
to all of them?
All due respect,
Mrs. Pucci,
but you knew
about Chance's past
when you decided
to work with us.
I told you
these things get messy.
And not just the logistics,
but that's how it is.
That's how it is for Chance,
for me, for all of us.
And you're right.
His past is the reason
why he's on this case.
It's also the reason why he'd
gladly let himself get killed
to protect Mrs. Brooks,
but I can't let that happen.
Understand?
When this is over,
you'll have to tell her.
And if you don't,
I will.
Hey, let me
tell you something.
When this is over,
if Chance is even alive...
He'll tell her.
Oh...
Daniel's grandfather
built this house.
Listen, I know
this is tough,
but the sooner
we can get in there
and find whatever it was
your husband was working on,
the sooner you can put
whatever it was that happened
to you behind you...
For good.
Do you know if he hs
a separate filing cabinet?
Rebecca,
I need you to focus.
I need your help here.
Whoever this assassin is,
he's probably
on his way here.
Here?
But you sa--
how do you know that?
'Cause it's what
I would do.
In this business, it pays
to assume whoever's after you
is at least as smart
as you are.
There's an attic here.
Is it sealed?
I don't--
I don't think so.
Let's check it out.
I-I don't ever remember
being up here.
What's your birthday?
August 3rd. Why?
A gun?
Why--why would he have
a gun?
Mrs. Pucci,
I'm a nice man,
but everyone
has a breaking point,
and you're about to see mine.
Mr. Winston,
as the owner
of this agency,
I'm just as responsible for
Mr. Chance's actions as he is.
So I suggest you
start driving,
especially if he's in as much
danger as you say he is.
What are you waiting for?
I swear, if you wasn't my boss,
I'd shoot you.
It's--it's remarkable.
It--it turns out
Daniel's theory
can be applied
to stock-market behavior.
I-it basically decodes
how--how you could manipulate
the system.
It's astonish--
Stay calm.
There's a storm door
by the stairs.
We can get out that way.
Storm door--
how do you--
how do you know
about the storm door?
Because I saw it
on the way in.
Rebecca, we've got to
get out of here now.
You don't understand
the kind of man
who is trying to kill you.
And you do, Mr. Chance?
How do you know so much
about this house--
the storm door
and--and the attic?
About all of it--
me and Daniel and--and how all
these pieces fit together?
It's my job.
The storm door...
Is how the police said whoever
killed Daniel got in here.
Rebecca, listen to me...
Do you know who's trying
to kill me?
Do you know
who killed my husband?
Answer me!
I killed your husband.
You what?
Rebecca, I have no idea
how you must be feeling,
but right now I am the only
person who can protect you.
Oh.
You--you killed Daniel!
There is an assassin
in this house.
I can protect you.
I should kill you right now
for what you did!
Rebecca, listen!
Come on, Chance,
answer your phone.
Answer your ph--
Careful!
It won't help anyone
if we don't make it
there alive.
Fine.
Drive how you like.
I knew this case would come back
and bite him in the ass.
I knew it would. That's why
i told him not to take it.
But he didn't listen.
He never listens,
kind of like you,
except at least
he can fight.
I just hope
we ain't too late.
Are you really
that worried about him?
Your damn right
I'm worried about him!
He ain't thinking straight.
Hasn't been thinking straight
this whole case.
What do you mean?
I mean...
Yes, he's done a lot
of terrible things in his past.
I'm not gonna argue
that point.
But he's also the guy
who's trying
to make everything right.
And that makes him vulnerable
to all the bad guys out there
who think
they can exploit that.
I suppose redemption
comes at a price.
Yeah.
Aaah.
Aah!
Rebecca...
You killed Daniel.
You deserve to die.
You're right.
I do.
Go ahead.
Just pull the trigger.
No one will blame you,
least of all me.
Don't be so hard on yourself.
Rebecca, don't--
I got to hand it
to you, Chance.
A part of me was wondering
whether or not
you'd even be able
to pull it off--
protecting her
from that monster,
still finding
the husband's theory.
Who the hell are you?
I'm the man who hired him
to kill your husband.
It wasn't anything personal,
mind you.
It's just business.
Like me killing
you both now--
it's just business.
When I saw how much someone
was offering for the hit,
I figured that theory
would provide me
with a nice retirement.
That's what all this
is about--
about money?
Almost always is...
Except for our friend
Chance here.
This guy's got
a conscience.
I always tried to tell him
that was bad for business,
but he never listened.
I'm sorry
for what I did.
I know
it doesn't matter now,
but...
I'm sorry.
I told you,
I hate bad guys.
Hey dude.
What's this?
It's what we pulled
off the dead lawyer's computer.
It's the full story
on Daniel Brooks.
The, uh-- the guy had been
blackmailing the bank for years,
had a secret account
with millions in the Caymans.
He was planning
on making a run for it,
wasn't really
the settle-down type.
Did someone tell you
to speak?
Okay, you know what?
Enough of the whole
Don Corleone thing.
I'm the one who got the lawyer's
info off Donnelly, remember?
All I'm saying
is I demand some respect.
Demand?
Okay, may--
maybe not demand...
Suggest...Strongly.
- Nice work, Ames.
- Thanks.
My pleasure.
Let's go.
Where?
Okay.
- She has no idea.
- Who?
Rebecca--about who
her husband really was.
That doesn't forgive me
for what I did...
Not to him,
not to anyone else.
Well, the assassin
that Chance took out yesterday
is now in police custody,
but he was just
a hired gun.
The lawyer at the investment
bank was his only contact.
Unfortunately,
Donnelly killed him
before we had a chance
to get enough information.
Tracing things back
to anyone else at the firm
at this point
is highly unlikely.
The formula
your husband created--
it's very, very valuable
information
if it's
in the right hands.
It will be.
I gave it
to a reporter I know
at the National
Business Journal.
Daniel would have been thrilled
to see his work published.
Well, you did
the right thing.
I'm glad
we could help you.
I have to ask you, mrs.Pucci,
how do you do it?
Do what?
Work with him...
Be in the same room
as him.
Rebecca...
I think I understand
how hard
these last few days
have been for you.
I know the pain
of losing someone you love.
I guess
all I can say is...
I hope you find
the strength
to move past all the hurt and
the anger that comes with it.
And I hope I do too.
Mr. Chance...
My husband was
a good man,
an innocent man.
Do you think that saving me
makes up for what you did?
Is that it?
Well, it doesn't.
Why didn't you tell her
the truth
about her husband?
She doesn't need
to hear it.
Well, maybe she does.
That's not
what I'm here for.
I'm here to protect her.
That's what she needed.
That's what I do.
Do you want to tell me
why we're here?
Nope.
Sorry, Guerrero,
bring-your-daughter-to-drink day
isn't until next month.
Nice one, bro--
real zinger.
Reminds me of the joke
I know about your brother.
Carl, right?
Drives a green hatchback.
The punch line is
he drives off a bridge.
You want to hear it?
What do you want?
Club soda.
And, uh...
And what?
And I can't believe
I'm doing this.
Open up a tab for her.
Stop smiling.
♪ ♪
Expense reports.
How is he okay
with it?
With what?
All of it.
He's not.
None of us are.
That's why we try to make
things right when we can...
If we can.
Somebody gonna answer that?
Hello?
Yeah, I got your agency's
number from a friend.
I think someone's
trying to kill me.
Hello? Hello?
Yes, I think
we can help.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
== for www.addic7ed.com ==
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org